Project Deliverable 2: User Stories
Group 9: Kevin Annis, Samit (Jade) Dhangwattanotai, Alex Vahid, Shikha Taori
GitHub Link: https://github.com/shikhataori/CS411

Story 1: Log in story: As a first time user I want to register/login in order to gain access to our website. A new user opens our website. They are immediately prompted with a login screen. The login screen warns that the application will need access to the user’s facebook profile, and will have a “continue” button below. There will also be a button for users that do not have an existing Facebook profile, which will redirect them to the facebook registration page. The “continue” button will bring the user to the official Facebook login page. There, the user will enter their facebook credentials. If the user enters the wrong username and password, they will not be allowed access to our site. Once the user has entered the correct credentials, they will be shown a page that informs the user that our site wants access to certain facebook functionality such as posting, liking, and a list of their friends. If they decline, they will be brought back to the initial login page. If they accept, they will be brought to our site’s default homepage. The default homepage will display a map, and on it will be the top 20 closest posts to the user (from their recent newsfeed).

Story 2: As a logged in user [Story 1], I want to filter posts using the following criteria: history, tags, user's, distance (radius), number of posts displayed. The user will navigate to the search page from the home page. Then the user will be able to choose how they would like to filter results from the criteria listed above. After selecting criteria and entering the search term, the homepage will return with only the filtered results. If no results are found, the homepage will display a blank map with a notification box saying “no results found”. The user will be able to clear any filters by clicking a “clear” button on the homepage, which will bring the map back to the default state [Story 1]. The number of posts and distance will in a separate search box than the history, tags and user search. The number of posts and distance will be a drop down menu to reduce bad inputs by the user. The number of posts and distance constraints will always apply even when searching for history, tags, etc. 

Story 3: As I am on the home page I want to be able to be able to access the post’s information and use facebook’s functions such as insert reactions, and comment on my friend’s posts. The map home page displays the location within a set radius from the user [Story 2] On the map, pins directing to the user’s friend’s posts are displayed on locations where they were taken. The user will be able to click on the pins on the map and the post would pop-up to the screen. Along with the photo the screen would display the location and time of the post, a script of previous comments, likes, reactions, a button to like the post and a text box for the user to add comments. The user will be able to close the pop-up post and select a different pin to view another post to the screen. The user will be able to click on a button on a mini-bar at the corner of the application to access the search page[Story 2], or to log-out of the account and be direct back to the front login page of the application.
